Update ecosystems readme (#1)
ecosyste-ms/.github: profile/README.md

# Ecosyste.ms
[Ecosyste.ms](http://Ecosyste.ms) provides a set of free and open resources for those working to sustain and secure open source software. Ecosystems publishes open data and APIs that maps software interdependency and provides data about its usage, creation and potential impact. Ecosystems is infrastrcuture for a generation of researchers, policymakers, developers, and funders to build upon.

Ecosystems will combine data from package registries, software repositories, vulnerability databases, containers, and operating systems. In doing so we will gain a more complete picture of open source, enabling us to identify keystone software ecosystems where code, and their communities, are considered critical, digital infrastrcuture. 

> To find out more about what we're building check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/roadmap) and [initial proposal](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/.github/files/8786150/Ecosystems.Proposal.pdf). 

Author: ```suggestion
To find out more about what we're building check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/roadmap) and [initial proposal](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/.github/files/8799344/Ecosystems.Proposal.2.pdf). 
```

> To find out more about what we're building check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/roadmap) and [initial proposal](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/.github/files/8799344/Ecosystems.Proposal.2.pdf). 

Author: ```suggestion
To find out more about what we're building check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/ecosyste-ms/.github/files/8815813/Ecosystems.Proposal.3.pdf)
. 
```
